# Azure Managed Application

Azure Managed Applications enable you to offer your Moodle based
solutions to internal and external customers. You define the
infrastructure for the solution, using the ARM templates in this
repository as a starting point, along with the terms for ongoing
management of the solution. The billing for your solution is handled
through Azure billing.

## Why Managed Applications?

Managed applications reduce barriers to consumers using your
solutions. They do not need expertise in cloud infrastructure to use
your solution. Consumers have limited access to the critical
resources. They do not need to worry about making a mistake when
managing it.

Managed applications enable you to establish an ongoing relationship
with your consumers. You define terms for managing the application,
and all charges are handled through Azure billing.

Although customers deploy these managed applications in their
subscriptions, they don't have to maintain, update, or service them.
That is something you provide as a service to the customer. You can
ensure that all customers are using approved versions. Customers don't
have to develop application-specific domain knowledge to manage these
applications. Customers automatically acquire application updates
without the need to worry about troubleshooting and diagnosing issues
with the applications.

For IT teams, managed applications enable you to offer pre-approved
solutions to users in the organization. You ensure these solutions are
compliant with organizational standards.

Read more about [Managed
Applications](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/managed-applications/overview),
or keep reading here to see how to quickly get started providing your
own Moodle based services as Managed Applications.

## Next Steps

  1. [Publish a Managed Application Definition](PublishMoodleManagedApplication.md)
  2. [Deploy a Moodle Based Managed Application](DeployMoodleManagedApp.md)
